create Linux-Release/aux_Bitmap.lib
addmod ./Linux-Release/adler32.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/compress.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/crc32.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/deflate.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/gzio.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/infblock.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/infcodes.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/inffast.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/inflate.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/inftrees.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/infutil.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/trees.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/uncompr.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/zutil.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/png.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/pngerror.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/pnggccrd.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/pngget.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/pngmem.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/pngpread.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/pngread.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/pngrio.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/pngrtran.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/pngrutil.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/pngset.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/pngtrans.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/pngvcrd.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/pngwio.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/pngwrite.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/pngwtran.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/pngwutil.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/aux_Bitmap.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/DefaultBMP.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/Load_BMP.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/Load_PNG.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/Load_PSD.obj
addmod ./Linux-Release/Load_TGA.obj
save
end 
